Thank you for using Anti-Cheat Expert! We respect your concerns about privacy and appreciate your trust and confidence in us.<br/>

Here is a summary of the information contained in this privacy policy. This summary is to help you navigate the privacy policy and it is not a substitute for reading everything! You can use the hyperlinks below to jump directly to particular sections.<br/>

## Who are'you'?

Service or Game Operators ("**Customer**")

You are the developer of an application or service and choose to build Anti-Cheat Expert into your application or service. We will process limited information to contact you and provide Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

End Users of Services or Applications that use the Anti-Cheat Expert Software (“**End User**”)

You are the End User of an application or service that includes Anti-Cheat Expert. **If you are an End User of a game that includes Anti-Cheat Expert then we are not the data controller for your personal data, we are solely a data processor.** We recommend that you contact the data controller for the relevant game – the details of the data controller should be set out in the privacy policy for the game.<br/>

**This privacy policy describes matters relating to Customers only.**<br/>

**What information do we need to provide Anti-Cheat Expert?**<br/>

If you register an account to use Anti-Cheat Expert then we will need some information from you to set this up. We will process some information when you set up a developer arrangement for Anti-Cheat Expert (e.g.to contact you and determine the data to be processed).<font color="blue">[More Information]</font>

## How will we use your information?

We use your information to provide the functions that comprise Anti-Cheat Expert. We also use your information for account creation, verification and log-in,  and to provide you with support and improve Anti-Cheat Expert. We do not share your information with any third parties, except where we need to in order to provide Anti-Cheat Expert(e.g., use local cloud providers or to back up your data; using our affiliates around the world to help us to deliver Anti-Cheat Expert), or we are instructed to by a court, authority or compelled by law. <font color="blue">[More Information]</font>

## Who do we share your information with?

We use some third parties to help us deliver the best possible experience (e.g., cloud services to back up your data). When we use a third party, we only do this to process or store your information for the purposes described in this privacy policy. We have affiliates around the world who help us deliver Anti-Cheat Expert and we may be required by a court or legal obligation to disclose certain information in some circumstances. [More Information]<br/>

## Where do we process your information?

Our servers are located in Singapore. Our support, engineering and other teams are located in Singapore and will have access to your information. <font color="blue">[More Information]</font>

## How long do we keep hold of your information?

We generally retain your information for the period during which you maintain an account for Anti-Cheat Expert, after which time your data is deleted (as further described in this privacy policy), unless otherwise required by applicable laws.<font color="blue">[More Information]</font>

## How can I exercise my rights over my information?

Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to your information, such as rights of access, to receive a copy of your data, or to update or delete your data or restrict or object to our processing of your data.<font color="blue">[More Information]</font>

## How to get in touch with us

If you have any questions about anything in this privacy policy, or want to exercise any rights you may have, please contact us<font color="blue">[here]</font>

## How will we notify you of changes?

If there are any significant changes to this privacy policy, we will update the privacy policy here.<font color="blue">[More Information]</font>

## Contact Information

**Data Controller :** Aceville Pte Ltd.

**Email :** dpo@anticheatexpert.com

**EU Representative :** Tencent International Service Europe B.V. | Email: <font color="blue">[eudataprotection@tencent.com]</font>

**Turkey Representative :** Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı | Email: <font color="blue">[tencent@iptech-legal.com]</font>(Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is our data controller representative and its authority is limited to the authorities stipulated under the Law on Protection of Personal Data w. no 6698. Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is not authorised for any other matters such as in-Service conduct, bans, investigations, civil or criminal complaints.<br/>

Korea Representative: Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa |dpo@anticheatexpert.com

## Welcome to Anti-Cheat Expert!

This privacy policy explains the when, how and why when it comes to processing of your personal information in connection with Anti-Cheat Expert (**"Anti-Cheat Expert"**), and sets out the choices and rights in relation to that information. Please read it carefully – it is important for you to understand how we collect and use your information and how you, whether as a Customer or End User can control it.<br/>

**If you are a Customer and do not agree to the processing of your personal information in the way this privacy policy [describes, please do not provide your information when requested and stop using ]()Anti-Cheat Expert. By using Anti-Cheat Expert you are accepting our rules regarding your personal information as described in this privacy policy.**<br/>

**If you are an End User of a game that includes Anti-Cheat Expert then we are not the data controller for your personal data, we are solely a data processor. For End Users, the specific data that we process is stipulated by the developer of the game (our Customer) who is the data controller, and the description of that data should be set out in the privacy policy for the relevant service or game.**<br/>

Anti-Cheat Expert has been developed by Aceville Pte Ltd. (**“we","us ","our"**). For the purpose of data protection laws, the data controller of your Customer personal information in relation to Anti-Cheat Expert is Aceville Pte Ltd. which is a Singapore based company within our corporate group. The registered address of Aceville Pte Ltd is 1 Fullerton Road, #02-095, One Fullerton, Singapore 049213.<br/>

Our data protection officer can be contacted at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

**Our representatives in certain jurisdictions are as follows:**

| **Jurisdiction** | **Representative**  | **Address**| **Contact details**|
| ------------------ | ---------------------- | ------------- | ----------------- |
| EU        | Tencent International Service Europe B.V.      | Gustav Mahlerplein 2, 1082 MA,  Amsterdam, the Netherlands      | [eudataprotection@tencent.com]                                          |
| Korea          | Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa      | 152, Taeheran-ro, Gangnam-gu (Gangnam Finance Center, Yeoksam-dong), Seoul, Korea     | [dpo@anticheatexpert.com]|
| Turkey         | Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı. | Varyap Meridian Grand Tower ABlok Al Zambak Sok No: 2 K: 32 D. 270 Ataşehir Istanbul Turkey | [tencent@iptech-legal.com]      |

Please reach out to us if you have any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your personal information: you can contact us anytime at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.

### 1. The Types of Personal Information We Use

This section describes the different types of personal information we collect from you and how we collect it. If you would like to know more about specific types of data and how we use that data, please see the section entitled<font color="blue"> [How we use your personal information]</font> below.<br/>

**If you are an End User of a game that includes Anti-Cheat Expert then we are not the data controller for your personal data, we are solely a data processor.**<br/>

The following is a high level summary of the types of personal information we use:

**a. Information you provide to us (either directly or through a third party).**

If you are a Customer, you give us information about you when you contact us and register for Anti-Cheat Expert. As part of the registration set up, we will collect  your name, email address, country, password, mobile phone number (for verification purposes), and the gaming operator you are affiliated with.

**b. Information generated as part of Anti Cheating Expert**

We automatically collect certain data from you when you use of Anti Cheating Expert so that the many functions and services that comprise Anti-Cheat Expert can operate. This includes our Customer support feature which will collect your email address, content of your message, user account information and security related information which includes your name, email address, content of your message and account information. We will also collect your IP address, log-in history, account modification history and device information (ACE SDK).<br/>

**We also collect and store your data:**

* If you use or redeem any of the coupons on Anti-Cheating Expert, we will process your coupon code(s), and your redemption history.
* If you grant or edit access rights to others, we will process your user email and the permissions edit history.

### 2. Website Cookies

When you access the Anti-Cheating Expert website as a Customer, we use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, log files, scripts and eTags) (**“Cookies”**) to enhance your experience using the website. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable us to provide certain features and functionality.

You have the option to permit installation of such Cookies or subsequently disable them. You may accept all Cookies or refuse to accept all Cookies here. However, in the event of your refusal to install Cookies, our website may be unable to operate as designed.

For more information about our Cookies Policy, click<font color="blue"> [here].</font>

### 3. Children

If you are a Customer, you must be at least 16 years old to sign up for an account to use Anti-Cheat Expert; or in the case of users located in a region where the minimum age for processing personal data differs, the minimum age specified under law. For certain regions we have listed the minimum age in the table below.

| **Region in which the user is located** | **Minimum age of the user** |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------ |
| Algeria                                  | 19                           |
| Argentina                                | 13                           |
| Australia                                | 18                           |
| Bangladesh                               | 18                           |
| Brazil                                   | 18                           |
| Colombia                                 | 18                           |
| Cambodia                                 | 18                           |
| Canada                                   | 13                           |
| Egypt                                    | 18                           |
| European Economic Area/Switzerland       | 16                           |
| Hong Kong                                | 18                           |
| India                                    | 18                           |
| Indonesia                                | 21                           |
| Japan                                    | 20                           |
| Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                  | 18                           |
| Kuwait                                   | 21                           |
| Macau                                    | 18                           |
| Malaysia                                 | 18                           |
| Mexico                                   | 18                           |
| Morocco                                  | 18                           |
| Myanmar                                  | 18                           |
| New Zealand                              | 16                           |
| Nigeria                                  | 13                           |
| Philippines                              | 18                           |
| Qatar                                    | 18                           |
| Republic of Korea                        | 14                           |
| Russia                                   | 14                           |
| Serbia                                   | 15                           |
| Singapore                                | 13                           |
| South Africa                             | 18                           |
| Sri Lanka                                | 18                           |
| Taiwan                                   | 20                           |
| Thailand                                 | 20                           |
| Tunisia                                  | 18                           |
| Turkey                                   | 18                           |
| United Arab Emirates                     | 21                           |
| United Kingdom                           | 13                           |
| United States                            | 13                           |
| Vietnam                                  | 16                           |

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under these ages for any purpose. If you believe that we have personal information of a child under these ages, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com and we will delete such information.

### 4. How We Use Your Personal Information

This section provides more detail on the types of personal information we collect from you, and why. For users who live in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Thailand or Turkey (each a “**Relevant Jurisdiction** ”), it also identifies the legal basis under which we process your data.

| **Customer Personal Information**                                                                                                                                       | **Use**                                                                                                     | **Legal Basis ( only relevant if you are located in a Relevant Jurisdiction)**                           |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Account registration data** :  name, email address, country, password and mobile phone number (for verification purposes), and game operator you are affiliated with.  | Account creation, verification and login.                                                                    | Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide Anti-Cheat Expert.                                  |
| Log-in history, account modification history.                                                                                                                             | We use this information to allow you to connect to the server and perform log searches upon account inquiry. | Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide Anti-Cheat Expert.                                  |
| **Customer support data** : Information when contacting customer support (including account ID, role ID, VPN connected information, QQ logs, etc).                       | We use this information to provide customer support and respond to your queries.                             | Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide Anti-Cheat Expert.                                  |
| **Bill & costing**: coupon codes and redemption history.                                                                                                                | To distribute coupon codes to users and allow users to redeem their coupons.                                 | Necessary to perform our contract with you to distribute and redeem coupons.                              |
| **Permissions** : User email and permissions edit history.                                                                                                               | To grant and edit access rights to other registered users of Anti-Cheat Expert.                              | Necessary to perform our contract with you to allow you to manage permissions and use Anti-Cheat Expert.  |

**For End Users, the specific data that we process is stipulated by the developer of the game (our Customer) who is the data controller, and the description of that data should be set out in the privacy policy for the relevant service or game.**

We may collect other personal information from time to time for specific reasons (such as a promotion in your country). When this happens, we will provide more information on any specific changes to the way we process that personal information that might differ to this privacy policy prior to collecting or processing any additional information. In some cases, that information may be shared with us with consent – and if that is the case, we will provide further information on how we process that information and any rights of individuals.<br/>

### 5. How We Store and Share Your Personal Information

Our group operates around the world. Pursuant to our contract with you to provide you Anti-Cheat Expert, your personal information will be processed on servers that may not be located where you live. Our servers for Anti-Cheat Expert are located in Singapore. In addition, our support, engineering and other teams are located in our offices around the world (including Singapore) and will have access to your information. No matter where our servers are located, we take appropriate measures to safeguard your rights in accordance with this privacy policy.<br/>

**Only where necessary** will we share your personal information with third parties. Situations where this occurs are:<br/>

* **Third parties** that provide services in support of Anti-Cheat Expert, including for the processing of customer support communications and providers of cloud services that process information identified in this policy on their servers for the purpose of providing Anti-Cheat Expert. All companies providing Anti-Cheat Expert for us are prohibited from retaining, using, or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than providing us with their services.<br/>
* **Companies within our corporate group** who process your personal information in order to operate Anti-Cheat Expert. All related group companies may only use your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.<br/>
* **Regulators, judicial authorities, law enforcement agencies and other third parties for safety, security or compliance with law** . There are circumstances in which we are legally required to disclose information, such as to law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:<br/>
  
  - comply with a legal obligation, process or request;
  - enforce our terms and conditions and other agreements, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
  - detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
  - protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
* **A third party that acquires all or substantially all of us or our business.** We may also disclose your information to third parties if we either: (a) sell, transfer, merge, consolidate or re-organise any part(s) of our business, or merge with, acquire or form a joint venture with, any other business, in which case we may disclose your data to any prospective buyer, new owner, or other third party involved in such change to our business; or (b) sell or transfer any of our assets, in which case the information we hold about you may be sold as part of those assets and may be transferred to any prospective buyer, new owner, or other third party involved in such sale or transfer.

### 6. Security of Personal Information

We are committed to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your personal information no matter where it is stored. We have information security and access policies that limit access to our systems and technology, and we protect data through the use of technological protection measures such as encryption.<br/>

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement and maintain reasonable measures to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the information transmitted to our services; therefore we do not assume any responsibility for any transmission of your information which you do at your own risk.<br/>

We may provide links to and from the websites and/or applications of our partners and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and/or applications have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites and/or applications. Your acceptance or consent to this privacy policy does not cover your acceptance or consent to any other privacy policies.<br/>

### 7. Data Retention

We do not keep your data for longer than is necessary unless we are required to do so under law. For further details on how long we keep your data, please refer to the time periods set out below.

| **Personal Information**                                     | **Retention Policy**                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| All data (unless specified below)                             | Stored for the duration of your use of Anti-Cheat Expert or until account deletion in accordance with your request. If you wish to delete your data, we will delete your information within 7 days of your request.  |
| Log-in history and account information modification history   | Automatically deleted after 6 months. If you wish to delete your data, we will delete your information within 7 days of your request.                                                                                |

If we are required to retain your information beyond the retention periods set out above, for example to comply with applicable laws, we will store it separately from other types of personal information.<br/>

### 8. Your Rights

Some jurisdictions’ laws grant specific rights to users of Anti-Cheat Expert, which are set out in this section.<br/>

**This section entitled “Your Rights” applies to users that are located in the Relevant Jurisdictions. If you are located in a territory outside a Relevant Jurisdiction, please refer to the Supplemental Jurisdiction-Specific Terms for an overview of your rights and how these can be exercised.**<br/>

**The sub-sections entitled “Access”, “Correction”, and “Erasure” also apply to users that are located in Canada, Argentina, India, Russia and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.**<br/>

**The sub-section entitled “Advertising” also apply to users that are located in Hong Kong, Macau, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, Korea, Thailand, United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Argentina, Brazil, Cambodia, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Laos, Maldives, Mexico, Morocco, Myanmar, Philippines, Russia, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Turkey, UAE, Saudi Arabia and Vietnam.**<br/>

You have certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you, depending on where you are located. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances (as set out in more detail below). We must respond to a request by you to exercise those rights without undue delay and at least within one month (though this may be extended by a further two months in certain circumstances). To exercise any of your rights, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

Where we act as a data processor, you should contact the data controller to exercise any of your rights.<br/>

**Access**

You have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with. You can access the personal information you have made available as part of your account by logging into your account. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

**Portability**

You have the right to receive a copy of certain personal information we process about you. This comprises any personal information we process on the basis of your consent (e.g., survey information) or pursuant to our contract with you (e.g., account name), as described above in the section <font color="blue">“How We Use Your Personal Information”</font>. You have the right to receive this information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to request that we transfer that personal information to another party, with certain exceptions. We will provide further information to you about this if you make such a request.<br/>

If you wish for us to transfer such personal information to a third party, please ensure you detail that party in your request. Note that we can only do so where it is technically feasible. Please note that we may not be able to provide you with personal information if providing it would interfere with another’s rights (for example, where providing the personal information we hold about you would reveal information about another person or our trade secrets or intellectual property).<br/>

**Correction**

You have the right to correct any of your personal information we hold that is inaccurate. You can access the personal information we hold about you by logging into your Anti-Cheat Expert account. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you and that information is inaccurate, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

**Erasure**

You can delete your account, or remove certain personal information, by logging into your Anti-Cheat Expert account. If there is any other personal information you believe we process that you would like us to erase, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

We may need to retain personal information if there are valid grounds under data protection laws for us to do so (for example, for the defence of legal claims or freedom of expression) but we will let you know if that is the case. Where you have requested that we erase personal information that has been made available publicly on Anti-Cheat Expert and there are grounds for erasure, we will use reasonable steps to try to tell others that are displaying the personal information or providing links to the personal information to erase it too.<br/>

**Restriction of Processing to Storage Only**

You have a right to require us to stop processing the personal information we hold about you other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances. Please note, however, that if we stop processing the personal information, we may use it again if there are valid grounds under data protection laws for us to do so (for example, for the defence of legal claims or for another’s protection). As above, where we agree to stop processing the personal information, we will try to tell any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant personal information so that they can stop processing it too.<br/>

**Objection**

You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information. We will consider your request in other circumstances as detailed below by contacting us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

To the extent provided by applicable laws and regulations, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us for certain processing activities by contacting us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.*** *** Where consent is required to process your personal information, if you do not consent to the processing or if you withdraw your consent we may not be able to deliver the expected service.<br/>

**Announcements**

We may from time to time send you announcements when we consider it necessary to do so (for example, when we temporarily suspend access to Anti-Cheat Expert for maintenance, or security, privacy or administrative-related communications). You may not opt-out of these service-related announcements, which are not promotional in nature.<br/>

### 9. Contact & Complaints

Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

**In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal information, please contact us in the first instance at dpo@anticheatexpert.com and we will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with the data protection authority in the region in which you live or work where you think we have infringed data protection laws.**<br/>

### 10. Changes

If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy we will post the updated Privacy Policy here. Please check this page frequently to see if there are any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.<br/>

### 11. Language

Except as otherwise prescribed by law, in the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the English version and local language version of this privacy policy, the English version shall prevail.<br/>

# SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC

**Some jurisdictions’ laws contain additional terms for users of Anti-Cheat Expert, which are set out in this section.**<br/>

**If you are a user located in one of the jurisdictions below, the terms set out below under the name of your jurisdiction apply to you in addition to the terms set out in our Privacy Policy above.**<br/>

**Algeria**

By using this Anti-Cheat Expert, you give us your consent for the collection, storage, treatment and use of your personal information, and transfer of your personal information to a third party (local cloud providers to back up your data or our affiliates around the world to help us deliver Anti-Cheat Expert)  located in Singapore (as described in the Privacy Policy) where it is manually and electronically treated.<br/>

**Argentina**

Your rights

If you are dissatisfied with our response to your request for access to, correction, or erasure of your personal information or your privacy complaint in respect of your personal information, you may contact the Agency for Access to Public Information at: Av. Pte. Gral. Julio A. Roca 710, Piso 2°, Ciudad de Buenos Aires (Telephone: +5411 3988-3968 or email:<font color="blue"> datospersonales@aaip.gob.ar</font>.<br/>

Data transfers

While we take reasonable steps to ensure that third party recipients of your personal information comply with privacy laws that are similar to those of your jurisdiction, by providing** ** us your personal information and by using Anti-Cheat Expert, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to a jurisdiction where privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as the laws that may apply in Argentina.<br/>

**Australia**

Overseas Recipients

We take reasonable steps to ensure that third party recipients of your personal information located outside Australia handle your personal information in a manner that is consistent with Australian privacy laws. However, you acknowledge that we do not control, or accept liability for, the acts and omissions of these third party recipients.<br/>

Access

You have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with. You can access the personal information you have made available as part of your account by logging into your account. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

Correction

You have the right to correct any of your personal information we hold that is inaccurate. You can access the personal information we hold about you by logging into your Anti-Cheat Expert account. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you and that information is inaccurate, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

Children

If you are under the age of 18 you should not register an account on and use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Transacting Anonymously

Where practicable, we will give you the option of not identifying yourself or using a pseudonym when registering an account on or using Anti-Cheat Expert. You acknowledge that if you do not provide us with your personal information, we may be unable to provide you with access to certain features or sections of Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Your Rights

If you are dissatisfied with our response to your request for access to, or correction of, your personal information or your privacy complaint in respect of your personal information, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (Telephone: +61 1300 363 992 or email: <font color="blue">enquiries@oaic.gov.au</font>.

Data Transfers

While we take reasonable steps to ensure that third party recipients of your personal information comply with privacy laws that are similar to those of your jurisdiction, you acknowledge and agree that we cannot control the actions of third party recipients and so cannot guarantee that they will comply with those privacy laws.<br/>

**Bangladesh**

Agreement

By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly state that you authorise us to collect, use, store, and process your personal data, including disclosing to third parties, to the extent provided by this Privacy Policy. By clicking “accept”, you consent to the cross-border transfer of your information to any country where we have databases or affiliates and, in particular Singapore.<br/>

Age Restriction

In order to use Anti-Cheat Expert, you represent that you are at least 18 years old and, therefore, legally capable of entering into binding contracts.<br/>

**Brazil**

This section applies to users located in Brazil:

Language

This Privacy Policy is provided in Portuguese for users located in Brazil. In case of dispute, the Portuguese version of this Privacy Policy shall prevail.<br/>

Consent Revocation

Whenever we use your personal information based on your consent, you may revoke the consent that you have previously given for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, subject to contractual or legal limitations. To revoke such consent, you may terminate your account or you can contact dpo@anticheatexpert.com. This may affect our provision of Anti-Cheat Expert to you.<br/>

Parental and Guardian Consent

If you are under the age of 18, you should not use Anti-Cheat Expert for any purpose. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any children under the age of 18 without such consent. Please contact our Data Protection Officer if you believe we have any personal information from any children under the age of 18 without such parental/guardian consent – we will promptly investigate (and remove) such personal information.<br/>

BY ACCEPTING THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU EXPRESSLY STATE THAT YOU AUTHORISE US TO COLLECT, USE, STORE, AND PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING, DISCLOSING TO THIRD PARTIES, TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.<br/>

**California**

This section applies to California residents covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“**CCPA** ”).

**Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information**

Over the past 12 months, we have collected and disclosed the following categories of personal information from or about you or your device*:

* Account registration identifiers, such as your name, email address, IP address, phone number, country and password. This information is collected directly from you and your device if you choose to sign up to Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>
* Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your information regarding your use of Anti-Cheat Expert, including log-in history, account modification history and permission edit history as described in the main Privacy Policy. This information is collected directly from you and your device.<br/>
* Other information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80. This information is collected directly from you in the context of being our consumer.<br/>

We collect your personal information for the following purposes:

* To provide you with Anti-Cheat Expert, maintain your account and provide customer service.
* To allow you to manage your permissions and Anti-Cheat Expert account.
* To allow you to collect and redeem coupon codes.

For additional information about what each type of personal information is used for, see <font color="blue">**this chart**</font> in the main portion of the Privacy Policy.<br/>

We disclose personal information to the following types of entities:

* Other companies within our corporate group who process your personal information in order to operate Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>
* Other companies that provide services on our behalf in support of Anti-Cheat Expert and who are prohibited by contract from retaining, using, or disclosing personal information for any purpose other than for providing their services to us.<br/>
* Regulators,  judicial authorities and law enforcement agencies
* Entities that acquire all or substantially all of our business.

**In the past 12 months, we have not sold Personal Information of California residents within the meaning of “sold” in the CCPA.**

**Rights under the CCPA:**

If you are a California resident, you have the right to:

* Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
  
  - the categories of personal information about you that we collected;
  - the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
  - the purpose for collecting personal information about you;
  - the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you and the categories of personal information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the personal information about you;<br/>

- the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you;

* Request we delete personal information we collected from you, unless CCPA recognises an exception; and
* Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights including providing a different level or quality of services or denying goods or services to you when you exercise your rights under the CCPA.<br/>

We aim to fulfil all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the CCPA. If necessary, extensions for an additional 45 days will be accompanied by an explanation for the delay.<br/>

**How to Exercise Your Rights**

First, you may wish to log into your account and manage your data from there.If you are a California resident to whom the CCPA applies, you may also exercise your rights, if any, regarding other data by contacting us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

**Canada**

If you are located in Canada and wish to obtain written information about our policies and practices with respect to our service providers located outside Canada, you may contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com. Our privacy experts who monitor this email address are also able to answer any questions users may have about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information by our service providers.<br/>

Where we use service providers who might have access to your personal information, we require them to have privacy and security standards that are comparable to ours. We use contracts and other measures with our service providers to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information and to prevent it from being used for any purpose other than as provided in this Privacy Policy.<br/>

**Colombia**

Language

This Privacy Policy is provided in Spanish for users located in Colombia. In case of dispute, the Spanish version of this Privacy Policy shall prevail.

How We Use Your Personal Information

From the entry into force of this Privacy Policy, at the time of the collection of your personal data, we will request your prior authorization, by informing you about the specific purposes of the processing of your personal data for which such consent is obtained under the Privacy Policy.<br/>

Your authorization may be expressed (i) by writing, (ii) orally or (iii) through unequivocal conducts that allow us to reasonably conclude that your authorization was granted, such as the act of accepting the Privacy Policy. We may keep evidence of said authorizations, while respecting the principles of confidentiality and privacy of information.<br/>

Your Rights

As a data subject you have certain rights, including (i) to access, update and rectify your personal data; (ii) to request a copy of the consent you have given us; (iii) to be informed about how we have processed your personal data; (iv) to file claims before your country’s data protection authority; (v) to revoke the consent you have given us to process your personal data, unless the processing is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is needed for legal reasons; (vi) to ask for the suppression of your personal data (right to erasure); and (vii) to freely access your information.<br/>

You can contact us if you want to exercise any of these rights through our contact information in the section ‘Contact & Complaints’ of this Privacy Policy.<br/>

Proceedings For The Exercise Of Your Rights

Queries (rights to access): You can file queries regarding the processing of your personal data by us.<br/>

Claims (right to correction and erasure): You have the right to file claims in relation to the processing of your personal data by clearly describing the facts that give rise to your claim.<br/>

**Egypt**

This Privacy Policy is provided in Arabic for users located in Egypt. In case of dispute, the Arabic version of this Privacy Policy shall prevail.<br/>

By clicking “accept” or by proceeding with the sign up process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and consented to this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy, you must not use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

You are acknowledging your consent to the processing, storage, and cross-border transfer of your personal data. The cross border transfer may be to any country in which we have databases or affiliates, in particular Singapore.<br/>

If you are a new user, you have seven days to inform us of any objection you may have to this Privacy Policy.<br/>

As an Egyptian data subject, you have certain rights under the Egyptian Personal Data Protection Law.<br/>

**France**

Your Rights

*nstructions for the processing of your personal data after your death

You have the right to provide us with general or specific instructions for the retention, deletion, and communication of your personal data after your death.<br/>

The specific instructions are only valid for the processing activities mentioned therein and the processing of these instructions is subject to your specific consent.<br/>

You may amend or revoke your instructions at any time.

You may designate a person responsible for the implementation of your instructions. This person will be informed of your instructions in the event of your death, and be entitled to request their implementation from us. In the absence of designation or, unless otherwise provided for, in the event of the death of the designated person, their heirs will have the right to be informed of your instructions and to request their implementation from us.<br/>

When you wish to make such instructions, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

**Hong Kong**

As a Hong Kong data subject you have legal rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you (to the extent permitted under applicable laws and regulations).<br/>

You are entitled to make a subject access request to receive a copy of the data we process about you, a data correction request as well as a right to reject to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. A fee may be chargeable by us for complying with a data access request.<br/>

**India**

Age Restrictions

Children below the age of 18 years should not use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Withdrawal Of Consent

To the extent provided by applicable laws and regulations, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us for certain processing activities by contacting us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com. Where consent is required to process your personal information, if you do not consent to the processing or if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to deliver the expected service.<br/>

**Indonesia**

Consent

By accepting and consenting to this Privacy Policy, you agree that we may collect, use and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as revised from time to time. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you must not access or use our services and we have the right to not provide you with access to our services.<br/>

Parental and Guardian Consent

If you are under the age of 21, you undertake that you have the consent of your parent or legal guardian to register an account on and use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Data Subject Rights

You have the right to access your personal information stored in Anti-Cheat Expert from time to time in accordance with applicable data privacy laws and regulations in Indonesia.<br/>

Data Breach

In the event we fail to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information in Anti-Cheat Expert, we will notify you through the contact information provided by you or via Anti-Cheat Expert, to the extent required by local laws and regulations.<br/>

Data Retention

We will retain your personal information in line with legal requirements.<br/>

Notification to Amendment of this Privacy Policy

If you fail to explicitly express your objection to any amended version of this Privacy Policy within fourteen (14) days of the date the relevant amended version of this Privacy Policy is made available, you will be considered as having accepted the changes and agreed to the new Privacy Policy. However, you may stop using or accessing our Anti-Cheat Expert by unsubscribing or ceasing your use of Anti-Cheat Expert at any time, if you cease to agree with the amended  Privacy Policy.<br/>

Data Accuracy and Third Party Consent

You are responsible for making sure that any personal details which you provide to us are accurate and current. In order to confirm the accuracy of the information, we may also verify the information provided to us, at any time. You hereby represent that you have secured all necessary consent(s) before providing us with any other person’s personal information (for example, for referral promotions), in which case we will always assume that you have already obtained prior consent, and as such, you will be responsible for any claims whatsoever from any party arising as a result of the absence of such consent(s).<br/>

**Japan**

Minimum Age

If you are under the age of 20 you should not register an account on and use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Consent to transfer to third parties

By clicking “accept”, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to third parties (if any), which may include the cross-border transfer of your information to any country where we have databases or affiliates and, in particular, to Singapore .<br/>

Your Rights

You may request us to notify you about the purposes of use of, to disclose, to make any correction to, to discontinue the use or provision of, and/or to delete any and all of your personal information which is stored by us, to the extent provided by the Act on the Protection of Personal Information of Japan. When you wish to make such requests, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

**Kingdom of Saudi Arabia**

You consent to the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, export (to the extent permitted by applicable laws) and storage of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.<br/>

**Kuwait**

You represent that you are at least 21 years old, or 18 years old and have obtained parental/guardian consent and, therefore, legally capable of contracting under the applicable laws and regulations in Kuwait.<br/>

By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly state that you authorise us to collect, use, store, and process your personal data and to disclose this data to third parties whether inside or outside of Kuwait, in line with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.<br/>

**Macau SAR**

You have the right not to provide your personal information. However, as a result, we may not be able to provide Anti-Cheat Expert to you. As a Macau SAR data subject you have legal rights in relation to your personal information (to the extent permitted under applicable laws and regulations). You are entitled to make a subject access request to request a copy of the data we process about you, to make a data correction request, and have the right to oppose the use of your personal information for marketing or any other form of commercial prospecting, or on any grounds of personal nature. A fee may be chargeable by us for complying with a data access request.<br/>

**Malaysia**

Language

In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the English version and Bahasa Melayu version of this Privacy Policy, the English version shall prevail.<br/>

Minimum age

If you are under the age of 18, please do not use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Your Rights

**Right of access:** You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of your personal information that we have collected and is being processed by or on behalf of us. We reserve the right to impose a fee for providing access to your personal information in the amounts as permitted under law.<br/>

When handling a data access request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requester to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data access request.<br/>

**Right of correction:** You may request for the correction of your personal information. When handling a data correction request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requester to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data correction request.<br/>

**Right to limit processing of your personal information:** You may request to limit the processing of your personal information by using the contact details provided above. However, this may affect our provision of Anti-Cheat Expert to you.<br/>

Contact

To protect your personal information and handle complaints relating to your personal information, we have appointed the following department responsible for managing and protecting your personal information.<br/>

* Our data protection officer, responsible for the management and safety of your personal information
  
  * Telephone: +603-22872388
  * Email: dpo@anticheatexpert.com

**Mexico**

Language

This Privacy Policy is provided in Spanish for users located in Mexico. In case of dispute, the Spanish version of this Privacy Policy shall prevail.<br/>

Age Restrictions

You won’t be able to use Anti-Cheat Expert unless you are 18 years old.<br/>

Types of Personal Information We Use

For clarification purposes, in section "The types of personal information we use” and section “How we use your personal information” you can find full details about the personal data we use. Therefore, we are providing you with complete information about the personal data we use, in terms of the Federal Law on Protection of Personal Data held by Private Parties and other applicable regulations.<br/>

Purposes of Processing

Some of the purposes of processing stated above are for voluntary purposes, including to show you personalised recommendations and advertising. You may object the processing of your personal data for voluntary purposes as stated in the section “Your Rights” below.<br/>

Please, be informed that we may also use your personal data to comply with legal obligations or requests from competent authorities, assert or defend our rights before the competent authorities / courts, respond to requests you send us in relation to your personal data and to carry out the transfer of personal data detailed in section “How we store and share your personal information”.<br/>

Data Transfer Consent

In general, we do not require your consent to carry out the transfers detailed in section “How we store and share your personal information”. However, we require your consent to transfer your personal data to a third party that acquires all or substantially all of us or our business.<br/>

By using Anti-Cheat Expert and providing us with your personal data, you agree to the data transfers detailed above that require your consent. You may exercise your rights in connection with your personal data as stated in the section “Your Rights” below.<br/>

Your Rights

The sub-sections entitled “Access”, “Correction”, “Erasure”, “Objection”, “Restriction of Processing to Storage Only “, which includes the limitation to the use and disclosure of your personal data included in Section “Your Rights” above also apply to users that are located in Mexico.<br/>

You also have the right to revoke the consent that you have provided us to process your personal data.<br/>

To exercise any of your rights, contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

To know more about your rights, as well as the applicable means, procedures and requirements to exercise any of your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

You can also register with the Public Registry to Avoid Advertising (‘REPEP’) (REPEP (profeco.gob.mx) ) to refuse to receive advertising on your phone number.<br/>

Cookies

Through the use of cookies, we collect certain information related to your browsing and device, some of which may be considered personal data (detailed in the relevant sections above). You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, you should consult the instructions provided by your browser. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete cookies, some of the functionalities of Anti-Cheat Expert may no longer be available to you. For more information about our use of cookies and how to disable them, please visit our Cookie policy.<br/>

**Morocco**

The protection of your privacy is an important principle for us. We collect information for purposes strictly necessary for the proper use of Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

By accepting these conditions of use, you explicitly accept that your personal data may be subject to processing by Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Kindly note:

* the identity of the Data Controller is Aceville Pte Ltd., email: dpo@anticheatexpert.com.
* the purposes of the processing for which the data is intended are set out in the table in the section <font color="blue">“How we use your personal information”.</font>
* recipients or categories of recipients are set out in the second paragraph of the section8<font color="blue">“How We Store and Share Your Personal Information”.</font>
* whether the answer to the questions is compulsory or optional, as well as the possible consequences of a lack of answer: please refer to the section <font color="blue">“How we use your personal information”</font> and the section <font color="blue">“Your Rights”</font> (sub-paragraph “Objection”).<br/>

**New Zealand**

This section applies to users located in New Zealand:

Overseas Recipients

We take reasonable steps to ensure that third party recipients of your personal information located outside New Zealand handle your personal information in a manner that is consistent with New Zealand privacy laws. However, you acknowledge that we do not control, or accept liability for, the acts and omissions of these third party recipients.<br/>

Access

You have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with. You can access the personal information you have made available as part of your account by logging into your account. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

Correction

You have the right to request the correction of any of your personal information we hold that is inaccurate. You can access the personal information we hold about you by logging into your account. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you and that information is inaccurate, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

Children

If you are under the age of 16 you should not use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Your Rights

If you are dissatisfied with our response to your request for access to, or correction of, your personal information or your privacy complaint in respect of your personal information, you may contact the Office of the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner (www.privacy.org.nz).<br/>

Data Transfers

While we take reasonable steps to ensure that third party recipients of your personal information comply with privacy laws that are similar to those of your jurisdiction, you acknowledge and agree that we cannot control the actions of third party recipients and so cannot guarantee that they will comply with those privacy laws.<br/>

**Peru**

You may exercise rights related to the protection of personal information by requesting access to your personal information or the correction, deletion or suspension of processing of your personal information, etc. pursuant to applicable laws such as the Personal Data Protection Law (the<font color="blue">“**Law** ”</font>).<br/>

You may also exercise these rights through your legal guardian or someone who has been authorised by you to exercise the right. However, in this case, you must submit a power of attorney to us in accordance with the Law.<br/>

Upon your request, we will take necessary measures without delay in accordance with applicable laws such as the Law.<br/>

You can also withdraw your consent or demand a suspension of the personal information processing at any time.<br/>

If you consider that your request has not been met you may file a claim with the Peruvian National Authority of Personal Data Protection.<br/>

Contact

To protect your personal information and handle complaints relating to your personal information, we have appointed the following department responsible for managing and protecting your personal information.<br/>

* Data Protection Team, responsible for the management and safety of your personal information
* Contact: dpo@anticheatexpert.com

**Philippines**

Minimum Age

You must be at least 18 years of age to be able to use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Your Rights

You are entitled to the following rights:

* Right to be informed.You may in certain circumstances have the right to be informed whether personal data pertaining to you is being, or has been processed, including the existence of automated decision-making and profiling.<br/>
* Right to object.You may in certain circumstances have the right to object to the processing of your personal information, including processing for direct marketing, automated processing or profiling.<br/>
* Right to access.You may in certain circumstances have the right to seek reasonable access to, upon request, your personal information.<br/>
* Right to rectification.You may in certain circumstances have the right to dispute an inaccuracy or error in your personal information and have us correct it, unless the request is vexatious or otherwise unreasonable.<br/>
* Right to erasure or blocking.You may in certain circumstances have the right to suspend, withdraw or seek the blocking, removal or destruction of your personal information.<br/>

Consent

By consenting to this Privacy Policy, you consent to us:

* collecting and processing your personal information as described in the section <font color="blue">"How We Use Your Personal Information”</font>above;<br/>
* sharing your personal information with third parties, companies within our corporate group, and a third party that acquires substantially all or substantially all of us or our business, as described in this Privacy Policy and for the purposes stated herein; and<br/>
* transferring or storing your personal information in destinations outside the Philippines as described in the section <font color="blue">“How We Store and Share Your Personal Information”</font>above.<br/>

**Qatar**

If you are using Anti-Cheat Expert in Qatar, you consent (for the purposes of Law No. 13 of 2016 on the Protection of Personal Data, as may amended from time to time) to the processing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.<br/>

**Republic of Korea**

How We Store and Share Your Personal Information

Overseas Transfer of Personal Information

We transfer personal information to third parties overseas as follows:

| **Recipient (Contact Information of Information Manager)** | **Country to which Your Personal Information is to be Transferred** | **Date and Method of Transfer** | **Types of Your Personal Information to be Transferred**  | **Purposes of Use by Recipients**      | **Period of Retention of Use by Recipient**                                                                   |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Aceville Pte Ltd                                               | Singapore                                                               | Transmitted from time to time       | All personal data                                             | Access to data to provide Anti-Cheat Expert  | For the data retention period specified under “How We Store and Share Your Personal Information”. |

Data Destruction

Personal information is retained in accordance with the data retention periods as detailed in section “**Data Retention**”. With the exception of the personal information set out below, personal information, which has fulfilled the purpose for which it was collected or used, and has reached the period of time during which personal information was to be possessed, will be destroyed in an irreversible way. Personal information stored in electronic files will be deleted safely in an irreversible way by using technical methods, and printed information will be destroyed by shredding or incinerating such information.<br/>

The personal information  detailed in section“Data Retention”are required to be retained pursuant to the following laws:<br/>

| Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, Etc. | Article 6 of the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce  | In an electronic commerce or a mail-order sale:Records regarding labelling and advertising (6 months)Records regarding execution or withdrawal of a contract (5 years)Records regarding the payment of a price and the supply of goods and services (5 years)Records regarding customer services or dispute resolution (3 years) |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Protection of Communications Secrets Act                    | Article 41 of the Decree of the Act, Article 15-2 of the Protection of Communications Secrets Act |  Log records, IP address (3 months)                 |

Your Rights

You may exercise rights related to the protection of personal information by requesting access to your personal information or the correction, deletion or suspension of processing of your personal information, etc. pursuant to applicable laws such as the Personal Information Protection Act (“<font color="blue">**PIPA**</font>”).

You may also exercise these rights through your legal guardian or someone who has been authorized by you to exercise the right. However, in this case, you must submit a power of attorney to us in accordance with the Enforcement Regulations of the PIPA.<br/>

Upon your request, we will take necessary measures without delay in accordance with applicable laws such as the PIPA.<br/>

You can also withdraw your consent or demand a suspension of the personal information processing at any time.<br/>

Additional Use and Provision of Personal Information

In accordance with the PIPA, we may use or provide personal information within the scope of reasonably related to the initial purpose of the collection, in consideration of whether disadvantages have been caused to data subjects and whether necessary measures have been taken to secure such as encryption, etc.  We will determine with due care whether to use or provide personal information in consideration of general circumstances including relevant laws and regulations such as the PIPA, purpose of use or provision of personal information, how personal information will be used or provided, items of personal information to be used or provided, matters to which data subjects provided consent or which were notified/disclosed to data subjects, impact on data subjects upon the use or provision, and measures taken to protect subject information.  Specific considerations are as follows:<br/>

* whether the additional use/provision is related to the initial purpose of the collection;
* whether the additional use/provision is foreseeable in light of the circumstances under which personal information was collected and practices regarding processing;
* whether the additional use/provision unfairly infringe on the interests of the data subject; and
* whether the necessary security measures such as pseudonymization or encryption were taken.

Domestic Privacy Representative

Pursuant to the Article 32-5 of Network Act and Article 39-11 of the amended PIPA, the information regarding the domestic agent is as follows:

* Name: Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa
* Address: 152 Taeheran-ro, Gangnam-gu (Gangnam Finance Center, Yeoksam-dong), Seoul, Korea
* Telephone Number*: * +82-2-2185-0902
* Email: dpo@anticheatexpert.com

Contact

To protect your personal information and handle complaints relating to your personal information, we have appointed the following department responsible for managing and protecting your personal information.<br/>

* Data Protection Department, responsible for the management and safety of your personal information<br/>
* Telephone: +82-2-2185-0902
* Email: dpo@anticheatexpert.com

**Russia**

The Service is not directed at Russian users or Russian market and, in particular, is not available in the Russian language. However, if you happen to be using Anti-Cheat Expert in Russia, this section “Russia” applies to you. By using Anti-Cheat Expert you consent to:<br/>

* for the purposes of the Russian Federal Law No. 152-FZ dated 27 July 2006 “On Personal Data” (as amended) or any replacement regulations, the processing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy; if legitimate interests, optimisation of Anti-Cheat Expert or carrying out of the contract are mentioned herein, you agree that, for the purposes of Russian law, the consent so provided can be considered an additional ground for processing (meaning that the processing is conducted with your consent); this consent also covers the processing of any cookies (to the extent that those qualify as personal data under Russian law);<br/>
* the cross-border transfer of your information to any country where we have databases or affiliates, in particular Singapore; <br/>
* for the purposes of Article 152.1 of the Russian Civil Code, the processing of your image in accordance with this Privacy Policy.<br/>

We will notify you of any material changes and may request you to acknowledge such changes. Unless we require your acknowledgment, you shall be deemed to have agreed to the changes if you continue using Anti-Cheat Expert after the notification.<br/>

As regards the representative for Russia, you can contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com. Please include the word “Russia” in the subject line of your email.<br/>

Separate consent for using certain data

For the purposes of the operation of the Service, as part of its activities, we do not distribute (publically disclose) personal data without the appropriate consent of the data subject and in compliance with the requirements of Article 10.1 of Russian Federal Law No. 152-FZ dated 27 July 2006 “On Personal Data” (as amended).<br/>

By using the Service you also consent to the sharing of your personal information with certain third parties for the purposes set out under section 5 “How We Store and Share Your Personal Information ”.<br/>

You determine, in your discretion, the terms of disclosure to the general public of your personal data, by choosing to use certain features of the Service and by choosing the appropriate privacy settings in respect of your personal information in the Service.<br/>

We process your personal information subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and your chosen features and settings.<br/>

This consent is granted for as long as you use the Services. The consent may be withdrawn by you (and you may set any restrictions on processing of your relevant personal information) at any time by contacting us (dpo@anticheatexpert.com): please include the word “Russia” in the subject line of your email.<br/>

**Singapore**

By clicking “accept”, you consent to the cross-border transfer of your information to any country where we have databases or affiliates.<br/>

Access

You have the right to access your personal information, how we use it, and who we share it with. You can access the personal information you have made available as part of your account by logging into your account. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

Correction

You have the right to correct any of your personal information that is inaccurate. You can access the personal information we hold about you by logging into your account. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you and that information is inaccurate, please contact dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

Our designated data protection officer for the purposes of compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 can be contacted at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

**South Africa**

You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Regulator (South Africa) by emailing it at <font color="blue">inforeg@justice.gov.za. </font>The Information Regulator (South Africa)’s physical address is 33 Hoofd Street Forum III, 3rd Floor Braampark, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, South Africa.<br/>

**Sri Lanka**

By clicking “accept”, you consent to the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy and permit the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. However, if you are under the age of 18, you undertake that you have the consent of your parent or legal guardian to register an account on and use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

Where you request to withdraw consent or, refrain from further processing of data or, erase or, rectify or, complete your personal information, we will provide you with our response to the request within 21 working days.<br/>

**Taiwan**

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 7 or knowingly allow such persons to register on Anti-Cheat Expert platform. If you are under 7 years of age, please do not attempt to use or register for Anti-Cheat Expert or send any personal information about yourself to us. No one under the age of 7 may provide any personal information to us while using Anti-Cheat Expert. In the case of users located in Taiwan, persons under the age of 20 should not be using Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

**Thailand**

By clicking “accept”, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you must not use Anti-Cheat Expert.<br/>

You may request us to discontinue, to restrict the use or provision of, and/or to request for data portability of any and all of your personal information which is stored by us, to the extent provided by the Act on the applicable data privacy laws and regulations in Thailand, including the Thai Personal Data Protection Act. When you wish to make such requests, please contact us at dpo@anticheatexpert.com.<br/>

We will give you notice by email of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, and give you an opportunity to reject such changes, failing which the changes will become effective as stated in the notice.<br/>

**Turkey**

Our Data Controller Representative in Turkey for the purpose of compliance with Turkish Law on Personal Data Protection Law (<font color="blue">“**DPL** ”</font>) and its secondary regulations, Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı, can be contacted at <font color="blue">tencent@iptech-legal.com</font>. Please include the word “Turkey” in the subject line of your email.<br/>

You have legal rights, which are set forth in Article 11 of the DPL, in relation to the personal information data we hold about you. As a Turkish data subject, you may have the right to apply to the data controller and (to the extent permitted under applicable laws and regulations):<br/>

* learn whether or not your personal data has been processed;
* request information about processing if your personal data has been processed;
* learn the purpose of processing of your personal data and whether they have been used accordingly;
* know the third parties in the country or abroad to whom personal data has been transferred;
* request rectification in the event personal data is incomplete or inaccurate and to demand the operations in this regard be reported to third parties your personal data has been transferred to;
* request deletion or destruction of personal data within the framework of the conditions set forth under Article 7 of the DPL and to demand the operations in this regard be reported to third parties your personal data has been transferred to;
* object the occurrence of any consequence that is to your detriment by means of analysis of personal data solely through automated systems, and
* demand compensation for the damages that you have suffered as a result of unlawful processing of your personal data.

In accordance with Article 9 of the DPL, your personal data may be transferred abroad as follows:<br/>

| **Identity of the overseas recipient** | **Location of the recipient (or as otherwise stated in the recipient’s privacy policy)** | **Purposes of use of Personal Information by the recipient** | **Items of Personal Information to be provided** |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| Aceville Pte Ltd                             | Singapore                                                                                      | Provision of Anti-Cheat Expert                                    | All personal data                                     |

**Ukraine**

By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly authorize us to collect, use, store, and process your personal data, including disclosing to third parties and transferring to countries other than Ukraine, to the extent and for the purpose provided by this Privacy Policy.<br/>

**United Arab Emirates**

You consent to the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, export (to the extent permitted by applicable laws), sharing and storage of your personal information, as described in the Privacy Policy.<br/>

We may voluntarily report a cyber-security incident where it constitutes a crime under UAE law (e.g. under the UAE Cybercrime Law). The incident can be reported to the relevant authorities for the purpose of investigations. Please note that voluntary reporting of a cyber-security incident can also be made to the UAE Computer Emergency Response Team (“<font color="blue">**CERT**</font> ”). CERT is a security awareness organisation that provides a process for logging incidents and advising on known cyber security threats in the UAE.<br/>

**Vietnam**

By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree and authorise us to collect, use, store, and process your personal information, including, lawfully disclosing and transferring it to third parties, as described in this Privacy Policy.<br/>

We maintain international standards and security practices for data protection. When your personal information is transferred within or outside your jurisdiction of residence, it will be subject to the same or higher levels of security practices and data protection by the recipient entity as adhered to by us.<br/>

Where we permit any third parties to collect and use your personal information, we shall take reasonable measures to ensure that the third parties do not further disclose the personal information.<br/>

Your personal information, if required to be disclosed to the law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other judicial bodies and organisations, it will disclosed upon receipt of written request from such organisations.<br/>

Your Rights

You have the right to access, correct, and erase the personal information we hold about you. You also have the right to withdraw your earlier provided consent to collect, store, process, use and disclose your personal information and to request us to stop providing your personal information to a third party.<br/>

