## Error Code Description

If any failure occurs during reinforcement, please view the error code `Main error code:xxx,sub error code:yyy` and error message `Server error message:zzz` output in the CMD console.<br/><br/>
以及错误信息描述：Server error message:zzz;<br/>
If you cannot find the corresponding information in the CMD console, please run `yyy` to view the error code description on this page. If the problem persists, please <a href="https://admin.qidian.qq.com/template/blue/mp/menu/qr-code-jump.html?linkType=0&env=ol&kfuin=2852167644&fid=28&key=d81ab0145faf07ade8b35f63efae4464&cate=1&type=16&ftype=1&_type=wpa&qidian=true" target="_blank">contact the customer service</a> for assistance.

## Error Codes (Client)

**Error code 160005**<br/>
Input zip is error,please check: the input file is invalid.<br/>

**Error code 160006**<br/>
The input file is abnormal and cannot be decompressed with 7z: the input file is not a valid ZIP file.<br/>

**Error code 160014**<br/>
Not found protect exe: the file to be protected does not exist.<br/>

**Error code 160020**<br/>
Protect failed.internel code = xxx: reinforcement failed. Please contact the customer service and provide the error message screenshot.<br/>

**Error code 160025**<br/>
Not found VM config, please check your input zip.file is xxx: the encrypted configuration file generated by the VM configuration generator does not exist in the ZIP package.<br/>

**Error code 160026**<br/>
The map or pdb that needs to add the VM protection file was not found: the corresponding .map or .pdb file does not exist in the directory of the file to be encrypted.<br/>

**Error code 160044**<br/>
Input zip is not has Unity files, please check: the input Unity game package file is incorrect.<br/>

**Error code 160053**<br/>
VM protect failed.Please check your map or pdb timestamp: the file to be encrypted does not match the corresponding .map or .pdb file.<br/>

**Error code 160048**<br/>
The PE that needs to add the VM protection was not found: the file to be encrypted does not exist.<br/>

**Error code 160060**<br/>
Not Found Verify File: the file whose signature is to be verified does not exist.<br/>

**Error code 222000**<br/>
Output zip file already exist: the reinforcement output package path already exists.<br/>

**Error code 222005**<br/>
Invalid file extension of output zip file: the reinforcement output package path is not a valid ZIP file.<br/>

## Error Codes (Backend)

**Error codes 180002, 180005, and 180016**<br/>
Error cert or key: the user certificate information is incorrect.<br/>

**Error codes 180003, 180006, and 180017**<br/>
Error cert or key, please check: the user certificate is incorrect.<br/>

**Error codes 180019, 180021, and 180023**<br/>
Authenticate failed, please check your cert and key: certificate authentication failed.<br/>

**Error code 180025**<br/>
Protect service is under maintenance, please try again later ....: the reinforcement service is under maintenance. Please try again later.<br/>

**Error codes 180007 and 180026**<br/>
This game you has not registered: the game has not been registered.<br/>

**Error code 180027**<br/>
The game's service has expired: the purchased service has expired.<br/>

**Error codes 190000–190023**<br/>
File upload exception. Please try again later.<br/>