### Error codes (client)

Error code 1: an error occurred while reading `PackageName`. Please check whether the `AndroidManifest.xml` file is valid.<br/>
Error code 2: the APK has already been shelled. Please provide an unreinforced one.<br/>
Error code 3: failed to decompress the APK. Please check whether the APK is valid or upload a complete file.<br/>
Error code 4: the type of the uploaded file is incorrect. Please check whether the APK is valid.<br/>
Error code 5: invalid APK. Please check whether the `classes.dex` file in the APK is valid.<br/>
Error code 6: invalid APK. Please check whether the `AndroidManifest.xml` file in the APK is valid.<br/>
Error code 7: invalid APK. Please check whether the `resource.arsc` file in the APK is valid.<br/>
Error code 8: currently, arm64-v8a, x86_64, mips, and mips64 .so files are not supported.<br/>

### Error codes (backend)

Error codes 1000, 1001, 1003, 1004, 1005, 1008, 1009, 1014, 1016, 1017, and 1018: the reinforcement server is exceptional. Please contact the admin.<br/>
Error codes 1002, 1006, 1007, 1010, 1011, 1012, 1013, and 1015: an error occurred during reinforcement. Please upload and reinforce the APK again.

## Solutions

### Client errors

If the system prompts a client error code, please modify the APK file and reinforce it again as prompted.

### Backend errors

If the system prompts a backend error, it indicates that the client file is normal, but the backend reinforcement has an error. Please choose whether to try again or directly contact the admin at support@anticheatexpert.com as prompted.

### Crash during operation after reinforcement

If the game can be normally reinforced but crashes during operation, please collect the corresponding information and contact the admin promptly. The following information is required:

* Basic APK information: `gameid` and game name
* Reinforcement information: reinforcement time, APK before reinforcement, and APK after reinforcement
* Crash information: whether the error always occurs or only occurs on certain models or OS versions
